hello and welcome to the program we
begin this newsour in Gaza where Israel
has ordered the immediate evacuation of
parts of daral Bala near alaka Hospital
some foreign medical staff have received
calls from the Israeli military telling
them to leave the facility it's the only
Hospital still functioning in central
Gaza we have no idea what it will become
of our patients or where we're going we
don't even know if the hospital will be
able to function the entire health
sector has already collapsed medical
staff already left the hospital even
patients even the injured were evacuated
we don't know what will happen next and
Al jaz's hend alhi reports now from
Daryl
Bala we're currently in ALA hospital
after the people here receiv received
the evacuation orders from the Israeli
forces as you see there's panic and fear
some Palestinians are getting ready to
leave but to where they have no idea
we're also seeing Palestinians leaving
with their patience not knowing where to
go this is not only a hospital it has
been a shelter and a refuge for
thousands of families as you see people
do not know to evacuate or not they're
not knowing where to leave this is the
backyard of the hospital as you see this
is all tents and people were living in
this
area there's a very huge state of panic
and fear and frustration among those
Palestinians there have been living here
in the hospital for more than 11 months
and now they do not know where to go
this
is Hospital Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz